A) Creating a jar from IntelliJ

   (I needed this to build the manifest file -- just building the project via IntelliJ gave a blank manifest file).


    Can use Build->Artifacts.  This can be configured via File -> Project Structure -> Artifacts.
    Hit the '+' to create a jar.
    Can specify a destination directory.

    PROBLEM:  HtmlCleaner.class appears not to be included in the jar, but many other dependencies that seem unnecessary are in the jar.
    Not sure what determines which .class files go into the jar.


B) To set up a standalone run folder (for the jar and its dependencies)

    - Build Artifacts project settings should have an output folder specified where it copies the jar.
    - Manually copy any files required at runtime.  I copied log4j.properties and the resources folder contained in the
      Runtime folder in my project.  This was the working directory specified in the run configurations.

C) To Inspect a manifest within a Jar
    (Can refer to my pgrandje/bin folder, I stored the command into some scripts.)

    To find a file that matches a pattern
        jar -tvf pageobjecthelper.jar | grep -i clean

    Run unzip -p My.jar META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
        unzip -p pageobjecthelper.jar META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

    Can also inspect all the files contained in the jar without
        jar tf pageobjecthelper.jar

    Or can use jar command to extract a specific file
        jar xvf pageobjecthelper.jar META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

    Or, to extract all the files, use the same command but without the following filename params.
        jar xvf pageobjecthelper.jar

D) To execute a jar run
        java -jar selGen.jar

E) Modify a jar. (from Oracle's doc's)

    To modify the manifest, you must first prepare a text file containing the information you wish to add to the manifest. You then use the Jar tool's m option to add the information in your file to the manifest.

    Warning: The text file from which you are creating the manifest must end with a new line or carriage return. The last line will not be parsed properly if it does not end with a new line or carriage return.
    The basic command has this format:

    jar cfm jar-file manifest-addition input-file(s)
    Let's look at the options and arguments used in this command:

    The c option indicates that you want to create a JAR file.
    The m option indicates that you want to merge information from an existing file into the manifest file of the JAR file you're creating.
    The f option indicates that you want the output to go to a file (the JAR file you're creating) rather than to standard output.
    manifest-addition is the name (or path and name) of the existing text file whose contents you want to add to the contents of JAR file's manifest.
    jar-file is the name that you want the resulting JAR file to have.
    The input-file(s) argument is a space-separated list of one or more files that you want to be placed in your JAR file.
    The m and f options must be in the same order as the corresponding arguments.


F) To build and deploy the jar for this project using just IntelliJ:
    - Build the jar using the Build Artifacts and specify the destination folder
    - Copy over the contents of the RunFolder
    - Copy over the log4j.properties file
    NOTE:  this wasn't working--it seems I don't get the correct Manifest file or something.

G) Configure Tomcat to point to the project

In the conf folder add an xml file who's name corresponds to the URL path after the hostname-port.
For example:
- I added the file "TomcatRoot"/conf/Catalina/localhost/testpages.xml
- It's content defines a Context which sets the URL path and sets the 'docBase' attribute to the desired filepath.

<Context path="/testpages" docBase="/Users/pgrandje/IdeaProjects/selgen/resources/testpages"/>


I got info from this thread:
    http://www.coderanch.com/t/87763/Tomcat/Configuring-context-CATALINA-HOME-webapps
And from their docs:
    http://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/config/engine.html


H) To build a jar using command-line

1) First be sure to have precompiled classes.

2) Run (for example)
    jar -cvfm test.jar manifest.mf Test.class   (I think--got it off Stack Overflow:  not sure what the options do)
   From my old notes....
     Run from the src code's folder that contains the 'com' folder
        jar -cvmf manifest.mf com(src package root) selGen.jar
   But then I think the manifest file must be manually created.  See examples on the internet and in my books.